[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
FINAL WEAPON ROBO
Naoko!
I made a new croquette
that I want you to try.
MATSUI MEAT SHOP
-[Naoko] Yes, it'd be my pleasure!
-It's a keema curry croquette.
Thank you!
[chewing]
It's delicious!
It's too delicious!
Really? Do you like it?
It's the best.
Toshio, you are the genius
of croquette-making.
[Toshio] Really?
Maybe I'll be able
to keep working at this shop then.
What? What happened to your dream
of becoming a model?
A model?
Oh, right, modeling.
I went to an audition the other day
but didn't make the cut.
I don't think I'm cut out for it.
Don't say that.
I'm not good at anything.
My only talent is making croquettes.
[laughing]
-I hate it.
-Huh?
You're being so pathetic!
[screaming] I hate it!
CAFE SAWA
[Grandpa] I am the lone and proud
genius scientist, Gengoro Hiraga.
I devoted myself to the creation
of Mecha-Gauko, but it was defeated again.
All of a sudden,
Gauko awoke with an unknown power.
Can robots not achieve victory
over the mysteries of life?
[keyboard typing]
Whoa!
[evil laugh]
More coffee, Grandpa?
-This is it!
-[gasps]
Oh, hot!
It's so hot! Hot, hot, hot!
-Oh!
-I'm going home.
I didn't know it had started raining!
The coolness feels so good.
Dinosaur Gauko, your weakness is Toshio!
This time, once and for all, I am going
to prove
-the power of my super-robot!
-[horn honks]
-[water splashes]
-What!
HIRAGA ELECTRONICS
I'm home!
Grandpa? Hm?
What's this?
"Happy birthday"?
My birthday is three months away.
Has grandpa gone senile?
-[boings]
-[yelps]
Waah!
[body thud]
Happy birthday, Toshio.
Tonight, a new you will be born.
I can't believe he would give up his dream
just because he didn't get some auditions.
-Hello?
-[Aunty] Welcome.
Where's Toshio?
He's not here.
Huh? Is he sick or something?
No, well, he wrote an email last night
saying he wants to quit his job here.
What!
I can't understand what the young people
nowadays are thinking.
[cawing]
[cell buzzing]
-[beeps]
-Hello, is this Toshio?
[Toshio from device]
Naoko, can you meet me right away?
Huh?
I'll be by the river.
Toshio, what's going on?
-[clicks]
-Huh?
[panting]
Toshio! Toshio!
[grunts, inhales]
Toshio, where are you?
[Toshio from device]
You totally fell for it.
It was all a lie.
What?
I was just having fun leading you on.
I have no interest in you.
[roaring]
[grunting] Horrible...
[growling]
-[machine whirring]
-[roars]
Once she's mad, she can't stop!
Roaring and howling again
is the horrifying dinosaur girl...
[shouting] Gauko!
[all chearring] You can do it, Gauko!
[roars]
G-- G-- G-- Gau!
[Weather Lady]
Built to defeat the wretched Gauko!
Brought to life by the lone and proud
genius scientist, the Super Robot!
Feast your eyes, Gauko!
This is the final weapon
that will destroy you!
And at its core is none other than Toshio!
[stutters] Gau!
Can you fight against Toshio, Gauko?
-[evil laugh]
-[roars]
And finally, the fight is on!
Gauko vs Toshio-bot!
Your thoughts, Mr. Handa?
I am very excited about this match.
[groans]
-[stomping]
-[gasps]
-[Mecha-Toshio roaring]
-[Gauko groaning]
[grunts]
[all chearing] C'mon,
Gauko! You can do it!
Whoa!
Gauko is not showing her usual strength!
This is an exciting development!
[roaring]
-[grunts]
-[Gauko groans]
[all] Oh no, I can't watch this.
[stutters groaning]
[laughs] Just as I thought.
Dinosaur Gauko, your weakness
is your crush on him!
Now go, Toshio!
Defeat Gauko!
-[Gauko roaring]
-[Mecha-Toshio grunting]
[screams]
[grunts]
[roars softly]
Toshio...
-Huh?
-[loud heartbeats]
[Toshio] What happened
to your dreams, Toshio?
Toshio...
-[heartbeats stop]
-[gasps]
[all] Stand up! Stand up, Gauko!
-Don't give up!
-[Gauko roars]
[Gauko] That's right I don't give up!
I don't give up that easily
like Toshio does!
[growling]
Wow!
Gauko is fighting back fiercely!
This is wonderful!
[roaring]
[yelps]
[laughs, roars]
[Grandpa] What's wrong, Toshio?
Grandpa... Where am I?
What am I doing?
I'll take care of this myself!
Get out of there! I'll go.
Brace yourself, Gauko!
You're fighting me now!
[grunting]
[groans]
M-- My back!
-[roars softly]
-[fighting bell dings]
Gauko wins!
[roaring]
[kids cheering] Good job, Gauko!
[panting]
Uh! Toshio?
Oh hi, Naoko.
What's the matter?
We started selling those new croquettes
but no one's buying them.
But they're so good.
You're the only one who'd say that.
Forget it. I'm not good
at anything anyway.
Like I keep saying,
don't give up so easily!
[roaring]
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪